# 💭 Reflection: Game Glitch Investigator

Answer each question in 3 to 5 sentences. Be specific and honest about what actually happened while you worked. This is about your process, not trying to sound perfect.

## 1. What was broken when you started?

- What did the game look like the first time you ran it?
- List at least two concrete bugs you noticed at the start  
  -> It's impossible to guess correct number since hints keep repeating. ✓
  -> The game writes "Attempts Allowed:8", but when you start the game you have 7 attempts. ✓
  -> Pressing "New Game" button starts a new game but doesn't reset history and doesn't remove game won message. ✓
  -> Noraml difficulty and Hard diffuculty are flipped. ✓
  -> Easy diffuculty gives an out of range secret (given number 68, when 1-20 expected). ✓
  -> Pressing new game button doesn't reset history. ✓

---

## 2. How did you use AI as a teammate?

- Which AI tools did you use on this project (for example: ChatGPT, Gemini, Copilot)?
  -> I used Claude Code
- Give one example of an AI suggestion that was correct (including what the AI suggested and how you verified the result).
  -> AI suggested that check_guess() has alternating type conversion, meaning it would compare str with int giving a wrong result, the suggestion was correct and I fixed the bug, later verifiying it with launching the game.
- Give one example of an AI suggestion that was incorrect or misleading (including what the AI suggested and how you verified the result).
  -> When I asked AI to generate pytest for this bug, he made them without accounting for the fact that the bug was fixed, thus making misleading tests that would produce errors when output was correct.

---

## 3. Debugging and testing your fixes

- How did you decide whether a bug was really fixed?
  -> Initially the easiest way to verify if the bug was fixed was to simply launch the game and observe if it's working properly, later, after verifying the game worked, I asked Claude to generate pytests to check if the bug was fixed.
- Describe at least one test you ran (manual or using pytest) and what it showed you about your code.
  -> Claude created me pytests which verified if check_guess was producing correct answer, and initially they were failing due to Claude's error, after prompting him to re-write these tests everything worked and code looked good.
- Did AI help you design or understand any tests? How?
  -> Yes, In the same chat where I prompted AI to find the bug in code and fix it, I prompted it to also create pytests for this bug to verify if it's been fixed.

---

## 4. What did you learn about Streamlit and state?

- How would you explain Streamlit "reruns" and session state to a friend who has never used Streamlit?
  - Each time you interact with the page, like clicking a button or typing in the box, the entire script reruns
    top to bottom, like refreshing the page. Steamlit's states allow us to preserve those values across reruns, so
    values like secret number of number of attempts persits across each rerun instead of being wiped.

---

## 5. Looking ahead: your developer habits

- What is one habit or strategy from this project that you want to reuse in future labs or projects?
  - This could be a testing habit, a prompting strategy, or a way you used Git.
  - I learned how forks work in Git, and how to properly prompt AI so that it works with you instead of working for you.
- What is one thing you would do differently next time you work with AI on a coding task?
  - I will be more mindful of how I prompt the AI, and verify it's edits with more detail.
- In one or two sentences, describe how this project changed the way you think about AI generated code.
  - I used to think that AI would replace me, but witnessing all the bugs and glitches in this app, which was generated by AI, which claimed it to be production ready, made me more reassured. I realized that AI is simply a tool which developers can use to cut down time to write code, find or fix a bug, but not as something that can think for you.
